Someone escaped.
You guys are so brave.
Dare to escape prison
Don't be afraid, everyone.
Kill this dog.
Get you out.
Now back to prison.
He will spare your lives.
If anything else.
The Emperor will forgive you.
Do you think they will remember you?
Don, come in.
I found you a clean place.
Ha ha ha as expected of my Southern King.
I have recorded it.
At that time, I will definitely say some good words for you in front of the emperor. Thank you, Your Excellency.
Van Hyun, do you have guts?
How dare you bring yourself into this stinking beggar gang?
Fortunately, Lam Chi Phu arrived in time.
Your Highness, is there any misunderstanding here?
Misunderstand him, this is clearly a thief calling to catch a thief.
Come on, get him for me.
The Legend of Wolf King
Let's see who is king.